Is there anything wrong with this document?
The document says
The real culprit is you
So what?
Just a little sauron jade
What does it stand for?
Honored ability to handle cases
It's recognized around the world.
Take this document
Accusations can be made anywhere in the world
What!
Now what?
Hey
The money thing is all done by me alone
I want to turn myself in
Professional Liang Chengzhu
Mom, what are you doing?
You have to be on fire
Hi, Mom.
Since the mother is really a murderer, respect the ugly mother and the owner
Take the knife away
One trial slow down
On the investigation report of this honor
That's not what it says
If you allow me to persuade you to accept it
Otherwise, I don't mind fighting with you to the death, hahaha.
I don't mind fighting with you
It's debt collection
Charge interest first and then take the director
Okay, Group Master Liang, take him down